;; This buffer is for notes you don't want to save, and for Lisp evaluation.
;; If you want to create a file, visit that file with C-x C-f,
;; then enter the text in that file's own buffer.

Rose Duggan grew up in rural Ohio and spent all of her youth there. She completed undergraduate study at Allegheny College. Her non-objective paintings play with two-dimensional space while addressing formal concepts in painting. The result is an exploration of the material distilled to line, color and perspective. The overlying ink doodles confront the acrylic material, allowing interesting intersections. Here, the grand genre of painting from Michelangelo to Pollock meets the lowly doodle of students to surprising effect.

Where to begin… I’ve always been into creative things: Art, Music, Movies, and Fashion.\nFrom drawing and selling sketches in elementary school, drumming since fourth grade, and wanting to be a voice actor in Disney movies when I was younger, to finding a love for oil painting, sculpting, and installation pieces, still playing drums and wanting to be in a recording studio mixing music or doing sound for movies, and being obsessed with street fashion, I just want to do everything.\nAfter graduating from Lebanon Valley College in 2008 with a B.S. in Recording Sciences and the Arts, a minor in Music, a minor in Physics and almost a minor in Art, I continued a fifth year to get a B.A. in Art and Art History with a Concentration in Studio Art in 2009.\nWhile living out of my car for a summer outside of Philadelphia, lifeguarding and unfortunately seeing the recording studio I was to internship at wasn’t taking recording sessions and me serious, I stumbled upon the opportunity to head back northwest to home near Bradford, PA where I ended up working on the film Unstoppable as an additional production assistant, that was being shot in the fall around where I was from as well as State College, Ohio, and Pittsburgh.\nThe next great endeavor came the next summer where I was commissioned to recreate a sculpture for a MSNBC Documentary, How to Catch a Serial Bomber, regarding a sculpture that got hit with shrapnel from the 1996 Olympic bombing in Atlanta, GA.\nKnowing Pittsburgh has had a back building growth in Art and Movies, I started couch crashing with friends looking for jobs. I was able to be an extra in I Am Number Four that was filming at the time in 2010, as well as worked as a production assistant and helped with special make-up fx/wardrobe assistant on an independent movie, Squid Man.\nFinally after the pressures of jobs, student loans, getting used to a new city and the pursuit of staying creative, life and the universe continue the balancing act of having a job with Mr. Smalls Funhouse working at the Theatre, a live music venue in Millvale, where many national, regional, and local acts have played. Being a grateful addition to the Art House has made it possible for me to stay in Pittsburgh to continue seeking out and being a part of opportunities such as the most recent being an extra in the film Steel Town and being an additional production assistant for the last two weeks of the Pittsburgh filming of Dark Knight Rises.\nStill getting settled into the city and what it offers, I hope to continue ideas with oil paintings, wire and recyclable sculptures, installation pieces, drumming, and fall and winter street-wear styling. If I’m not out doing some kind of job somewhere, I’m more than likely in the living room listening to music or watching a movie while working on some art. Thank you for stopping by and checking us out.
